[FLINK-26296] Add missing documentation for JobResultStore and repeatable resource cleanup strategy (#18910)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/internals/job_scheduling.md

{{< img src="/fig/state_machine.svg" alt="States and Transitions of Task Executions" width="50%" >}}

{{< top >}}

> ## Repeatable Resource Cleanup Strategy

Reviewer: I guess, we concluded (when talking with @knaufk ) that we would move this part into `Deployment / Overview` before `Vendor Solutions`. But looking into the docs again: I feel like we could put it right before the `Deployment Modes` section and connect it semantically with the `External Components` table entries (because cleanup means cleaning up all external components). WDYT?

Author: Ah, that's a great idea. I will move it into there and connect it with the external components section.

> Once a job has reached a terminally global state of either finished, failed or cancelled, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a job has reached a globally terminal state of either finished, failed or cancelled, the
```
"globally terminal" is the usual phrasing as far as I remember

Author: Yep, you're right. I think i've just typed the phrase "globally terminal" so much my brain switched the two around to liven things up.

resources associated with the job are then cleaned up. This is done via a repeatable
resource cleanup strategy, in which failures to clean up a resource result retries separated by

> an exponentially increasing delay, within configured bounds.

Reviewer: ```
This is done via a repeatable
resource cleanup strategy, in which failures to clean up a resource result retries separated by
an exponentially increasing delay, within configured bounds.
```
I struggle to understand that sentence. 🤔  What about: "In case of cleanup failure, you are able to configure different ways of retrying the cleanup." (addressing the user directly seems to be desired in the documentation according to @infoverload

> {{< img src="/fig/repeatable_cleanup.png" alt="Repeatable resource cleanup across a failover event" >}}

Reviewer: I like that you integrated the picture. :-) I'm just wondering whether that's too detailed for the documentation. We're not talking about the individual components here (or in `Deployments / Overview`). Hence, I was wondering whether we should simplify it and hide the details on what components are handled internally. That would also have the benefit if we're changing something in terms of what components are subject to cleanup. In that case, we wouldn't need to change this picture. 🤔

Author: Yeah, in this case perhaps something that abstracted away the actual components would make sense. Thanks for the idea!

Determining which jobs are globally terminated but still need to be cleaned up across
a failover event is done by determining whether an entry for the job exists in the JobResultStore
and whether that entry is dirty (and thus needs resource cleanup) or clean (and thus does not

> need any further cleanup).

Reviewer: Hm, initially I thought it's a good idea and we should cross-reference the JobResultStore docs here. But then again, I was wondering whether we should, because the `JobResultStore` is mostly relevant in HA mode. But the retries would also work in non-HA mode and might confuse users in that case.

Hence, I was wondering whether we should handle this paragraph as not relevant for the user.

> The repeatable resource cleanup strategy has sensible defaults for the minimum and maximum

Reviewer: Good :-) This just changed a bit due to PR #18913

Reviewer: After PR #18913 has been approved, you can use the information from the branch to update the documentation, I guess.
